Content/faq chatbot (#2009)
baptisteArno/typebot.io: apps/landing-page/content/blog/benefits-ai-chatbot.mdx

- On product pages, the chatbot might offer detailed specifications and comparisons.
- On the checkout page, it could assist with payment options or shipping information.

> - On support pages, the chatbot might prioritize troubleshooting and [FAQ responses](https://typebot.io/blog/faq-chatbot).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- On support pages, the chatbot might prioritize troubleshooting and [FAQ responses](./faq-chatbot.mdx).
```

Reviewer: Also change it everywhere
